# Doxygen Whiner #

Parses the output from [doxygen](http://www.stack.nl/~dimitri/doxygen/) containing a list of warnings, finds out who is responsible for each warning (by using `git blame`), and sends an email to the responsible persons.

## Usage ##

1. Clone this repository.
2. Create `config.local.ini` and add the necessary configuration (see below).
3. Run `doxygen-whiner.py FILE` or `doxygen-whiner.py < FILE`, where `FILE` is the path to a file containing the output from doxygen.

After the script is run, it

1. parses all the warnings in the doxygen output,
2. finds out who is responsible for each warning (by using `git blame`),
3. connects to an SMTP server and sends emails to the responsible persons,
4. adds the warnings into an SQLite database so the script knows which warnings have already been reported when you run the script repeatedly.

You can set up a cron job that periodically runs doxygen, stores its output into a file, and runs `doxygen-whiner.py` afterwards.

## Configuration ##

The script uses `.ini` configuration files. The global configuration is stored in `config.ini`. If you want to overwrite some of the configuration, do not edit this file. Instead, create a `config.local.ini` file and specify the changes in there.

When the script is run, it parses both of these configuration files. If the same configuration option is present in both of these files, the value from the local configuration file (`config.local.ini`) is used.

## Testing ##

The script's code is covered by unit tests. To execute them, simply run `make test`. It will run the tests by using [nosetests](https://nose.readthedocs.org/en/latest/), so make sure you have it installed.

If you want to generate code coverage, run `make test-coverage` and open `coverage/index.html` in your favorite web browser. Once again, you need to have [nosetests](https://nose.readthedocs.org/en/latest/) installed.

## Copyright and License ##

Copyright 2014 Daniela Duricekova <daniela.duricekova@gmail.com>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
